[Music]
all right so samsung has announced their
s21 lineup of phones
and this year the spread feels more
distinct
like the s21 and the s21 plus are more
feature stripped and further away in
price point from the s21 ultra
than previous generations of samsung
galaxy s phones
so this video i'm going to focus more on
the s21
ultra because this is the one that i'm
most interested right now it's got the
most
kind of new features and just stuff i
want to talk about but i'll be
definitely doing a
full review of the s21 and s21 plus
in the future uh okay i'm gonna focus on
the design and the finish first because
during the presentation they spent like
five minutes talking about the color
black on this phone
it is i mean it's a nice black it's a
matte finish
and i've always preferred this kind of
muted black look instead of the
super glossy black finishes that samsung
usually puts on their galaxy s phones
but i don't know if it's like super
special right if they hadn't told me
that they had spent a crazy amount of
effort and time to create something
more unique looking i would have just
assumed this was just a well-engineered
and well-made
but regular black finish okay on to the
kind of design of this phone the most
iconic part of this phone is gonna be
the camera area right it's shared
between this phone and all the other s21
phones
it's got the two curved corners and i
like the look now when i first saw the
leaked images of the stuff last year
i didn't really like the design
aesthetic of this camera area
maybe i've seen it so much that it's
grown on me but in real life
they've done it well uh there is a very
thick
camera hump and even compared to like
the s20 ultra from last year
so the camera hump on the previous
generation
this didn't really embrace the hump
right they just kind of
made the camera segment stick out just
on the camera component
but here because the camera area just
goes right up to the edge
it gets really thick at the corner of
the phone the rest of it doesn't feel
as chunky like if you grip this phone in
a regular fashion away from that camera
hump
it feels like a big thick phone but it's
just this corner that's on another level
now inside this chunky zone you have a
new camera system so it's a four lens
camera
and because the new hardware you get
some cool camera capabilities you get
some multi-camera recordings you can
record
from the rear-facing cameras at the same
time as the front-facing stuff so you
get like
two camera streams at once and the
snapdragon triple eight or the exynos
variant will be able to handle that
without any issues
and in the directors mode you can view
and choose between the different
cameras on the back just there's a lot
of video streams being piped in at the
same time
and you'll be able to view and select it
all in real time it's
a lot of processing capability on this
camera system and it's partly in due to
the camera hardware
as well as the soc itself now
the most interesting thing on this
camera system to me is
the zoom capability so like last year it
has the 100x space zoom
but the hardware and the software both
seem improved to be able to execute this
idea
in a way better manner so right off the
rip you're looking at a 10x
optical zoom which is improved from last
year's optics but another big thing is
the software so they now have
zoom lock when you're dealing with you
know trying to snap
a picture from something that's super
far away which is when you'd use 100x
zoom
handshake is a real issue like even the
slightest movement in your hand amounts
to a huge movement in your framing so
samsung now has a zoom lock where if you
hold your camera steady for a couple of
seconds on
a point of interest it'll recognize that
as the thing you're trying to take a
photo of
and a lock onto that just to allow you
to take steadier shots when you're using
that 100x zoom and you can also set it
manually as well by tapping on the
screen now on the back of it you also
have a
second telephoto lens so you have your
10x optical as well as a
3x optical so depending on how far you
zoom in to your shot
it'll switch between the two different
lenses and that's nice to see like it
just gives you a
nice range of optical clarity on your
zooms
now the screen up front is really nice
it's 1440p up to 120 hertz and because
it's an ltpo panel
it can down clock pretty aggressively
you can reach 10 hertz when it wants to
just for
energy efficiency and it's also bright
1500 nits but keep in mind when it comes
to knits
it's not linear like just because it's
let's say 25
higher knit count doesn't mean it's 25
brighter to the
perception of your eye it's probably
half that just because our eyes
are more logarithmic it's some nerdy
stuff but
it's not going to be 25 brighter than a
screen in terms of
how we visually perceive it but it is a
very bright screen
now there's also a new fingerprint
sensor it's qualcomm's
second gen ultrasonic sensor and it's
supposed to be 77
bigger than the previous generation as
well as 50 faster but we'll get into
that
in the proper review of this phone now
in terms of the other hardware there's
no support for microsd which is strange
for a samsung device especially one that
shoots 8k videos
and in the box there's no charger
there's no earphones but there is a
charging cable
thanks to that other company now i want
to end off this video with
the talk of the s pen so s21 ultra
supports
s pens which is a very new and
interesting inclusion for
galaxy s phones now this only works on
the s21 ultra doesn't work on the s21
plus or the s21
now this pen is a
it's a separate purchase so i believe
the pen is 40
and the case if you want to house your
pen
in a complete package is a i think 60 or
purchase now my initial thought
when i first saw this thing like uh at
the announcement was like
hmm that's weird right not just because
that this is new for
a galaxy s phone but this package when
you look at it is very unassuming it
doesn't look like a
complete package the way that note
phones do right when you have a note
the pen it's built right into the device
there's a slot right for it
and if you don't use it or you use it it
doesn't matter because it's part of the
phone comes with it
whatever right on the s21 ultra
i think for a lot of people they look at
this like huh that's just uh
that can't be as good as a note but
having used this just for a little bit
of time i will say that
the pen first of all is a thicker pen
this feels like the girth of like a
chopstick let's say i
don't know why that came to my mind
don't don't racially judge me but the
pen that comes
in the note is a very slim and slender
unit every time i pull this out of every
note i've ever reviewed
it doesn't feel like a proper pen it
just feels like a
like secondary thought that and they
have to keep these things small right
because it's got to fit
into the note device this guy because
it's
attached on the side you can make a
little bit thicker
and it's like this rubberized soft touch
material it just feels a lot
better and when i use this this felt
nice this felt like a legitimate
writing tool it feels the way that like
a stylus should
on any kind of portable device i've
always
thought that the pens that came with the
note they're like dinky little
tools that are just like if you need a
pen you got one but this is like if
you're someone
who uses a pen regularly i think you're
gonna like this
a lot more than the pen in the notes but
you do have to
number one purchase it separately and
number two store it
outside of the device which for some
people might be a huge
negative i look at this like it's a
really nice
value add way more than i thought it
would now keep in mind that this is just
a
first impression of the s pen hardware
itself the
capabilities and functionality of this
isn't as robust as the one that comes
on the note right this has bluetooth
connectivity and
you can control stuff in the air and if
you walk away from
the s pen like the device will let you
know that you're separating from it
so there's definitely advantages to it
but
this is nice and i just thought of
something i think the reason why this
one is rubberized with this soft touch
material
and not the regular notes like this is a
really slick material
maybe it's because you got to put it in
and out of the hole
and if it was this more frictioned
rubbery material it would
scratch up or just cause issues but on
this one
because it's an externally mounted one
they can make this thing
chunkier and nicer to grip
i like it i think for a lot of people
this is going to be a nice option
if your kind of workflow can make use of
a good pen
and the case itself is this kind of
industrial
black silicon look yeah
okay that wraps up my first look at this
stuff
i'll be doing full reviews on the s21
ultra as well as the s21 and the s21
plus in the near future so
stay tuned for those and be subscribed
if you want to see that stuff
all right hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs if you liked it subs if you
loved it
see you guys next time
you